Add Certified and Validated Content (AAP-5046a) (#801)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/assemblies/hub/assembly-faq.adoc

[id="assembly-faq"]
= Frequently asked questions about {CertifiedCon}

The following is a list of Frequently Asked Questions for the {PlatformName} Certification Program. 
If you have any questions regarding the items below, please email ansiblepartners@redhat.com.

== Why certify Ansible collections?

The Ansible certification program enables a shared statement of support for {CertifiedCon} between Red Hat and the ecosystem partner. 
An end customer, experiencing trouble with Ansible and certified partner content, can open a support ticket, for example, a request for information, or a problem with Red Hat, and expect the ticket to be resolved by Red Hat and the ecosystem partner. 

Red Hat offers go-to-market benefits for Certified Partners to grow market awareness, demand generation and collaborative selling.

Red Hat {CertifiedName} are distributed through {HubNameMain} (subscription required), a centralized repository for jointly supported Ansible Content. 

> As a certified partner, publishing Collections to {HubNameMain} provides end customers the power to manage how trusted automation content is used in their production environment with a well known support life cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a certified partner, publishing Collections to {HubNameMain} provides end customers the power to manage how trusted automation content is used in their production environment with a well-known support life cycle.
```

> As a certified partner, publishing Collections to {HubNameMain} provides end customers the power to manage how trusted automation content is used in their production environment with a well known support life cycle.

Reviewer: lowercase collections?

For more information about getting started with certifying a solution, please refer to https://www.ansible.com/partners for details.

== How do I get a collection certified?

Refer to our partner website http://www.ansible.com/partners for the Ansible certification policy guide to understand how to certify your collection.

== What’s the difference between {Galaxy} and {HubNameMain}?

Collections published to {Galaxy} are the latest content published by the Ansible community and have no joint support claims associated. 
{Galaxy} is the recommended frontend directory for the Ansible community accessing all content.

Collections published to {HubNameMain} are targeted for joint customers of Red Hat and selected partners. 
Customers need an Ansible subscription to access and download collections on {HubNameMain}. 
A certified collection means that Red Hat and partners have a strategic relationship in place and are ready to support joint customers, and may have had additional testing and validation done against them.

== How do I request a namespace on {Galaxy}?

Send an email to ansiblepartners@redhat.com after you request a namespace through an {Galaxy} gitHub issue. 

> You must provide us with the GitHub username which you used to sign up on {Galaxy}, and you must have logged in at least once for the system to validate. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must provide us with the GitHub username that you used to sign up on {Galaxy}, and you must have logged in at least once for the system to validate. 
```

When users are added as administrators of the namespace, then additional administrators can be added by the self-serve process.

== Are there any restrictions for {Galaxy} namespace naming?

Collection namespaces must follow python module name convention. 
This means collections should have short, all lowercase names. 
Underscores may be used in the collection name if it improves readability.

> == Are there any naming recommendations for collection naming?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Are there any recommendations for naming collection?
```

> == Are there any naming recommendations for collection naming?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Are there any recommendations for collection naming?
```

A general suggestion is to create a collection with `company_name.product` format. 
This way multiple products may have different collections under the company namespace.

== How do I get a namespace on {HubNameMain}?

By default namespaces used on {Galaxy} are also utilized on {HubNameMain} by the Ansible partner team. 
For any queries and clarifications please contact ansiblepartners@redhat.com.

== How do I run sanity tests on my collection?

Ansible sanity tests are made up of scripts and tools used to perform static code analysis. 
The primary purpose of these tests is to enforce Ansible coding standards and requirements. 
Ansible collections must be in a specific path, such as the following:

[options="nowrap" subs="=quotes, attributes"]
----
{...}/ansible_collections/{namespace}/{collection}/
----

You must ensure your collection is in that specific path, with an empty directory named `ansible_collections`, then a directory for the namespace, and finally a directory for the collection itself.

== Does {Galaxy} house the source code for my Collection?

No, {Galaxy} does not house the source for the collections. 

> The actual collection source must be housed outside of {Galaxy}, for example in GitHub. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The actual collection source must be housed outside of {Galaxy}, for example, in GitHub. 
```

[id="assembly-faq"]
= Frequently asked questions about {CertifiedCon}

The following is a list of Frequently Asked Questions for the {PlatformName} Certification Program. 

> If you have any questions regarding the items below, please email ansiblepartners@redhat.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions regarding the following items, email ansiblepartners@redhat.com.
```

== Why certify Ansible collections?

The Ansible certification program enables a shared statement of support for {CertifiedCon} between Red Hat and the ecosystem partner. 
An end customer, experiencing trouble with Ansible and certified partner content, can open a support ticket, for example, a request for information, or a problem with Red Hat, and expect the ticket to be resolved by Red Hat and the ecosystem partner. 

Red Hat offers go-to-market benefits for Certified Partners to grow market awareness, demand generation and collaborative selling.

Red Hat {CertifiedName} are distributed through {HubNameMain} (subscription required), a centralized repository for jointly supported Ansible Content. 
As a certified partner, publishing collections to {HubNameMain} provides end customers the power to manage how trusted automation content is used in their production environment with a well-known support life cycle.

> For more information about getting started with certifying a solution, see https://www.ansible.com/partners.

Reviewer 2: Suggest you change this to a link and include Alt text: 

link:https://www.ansible.com/partners[Red Hat Partner Connect].

== How do I get a collection certified?

> Refer to our partner website http://www.ansible.com/partners for the Ansible certification policy guide to understand how to certify your collection.

Reviewer 2: Suggest you change this to a link and include Alt text:

link:[https://www.ansible.com/partners[Red](https://www.ansible.com/partners[Red Hat Partner Connect].

== What’s the difference between {Galaxy} and {HubNameMain}?

Collections published to {Galaxy} are the latest content published by the Ansible community and have no joint support claims associated. 
{Galaxy} is the recommended frontend directory for the Ansible community accessing all content.

Collections published to {HubNameMain} are targeted for joint customers of Red Hat and selected partners. 
Customers need an Ansible subscription to access and download collections on {HubNameMain}. 
A certified collection means that Red Hat and partners have a strategic relationship in place and are ready to support joint customers, and may have had additional testing and validation done against them.

== How do I request a namespace on {Galaxy}?

> Send an email to ansiblepartners@redhat.com after you request a namespace through an {Galaxy} gitHub issue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you request a namespace through an {Galaxy} GitHub issue, send an email to ansiblepartners@redhat.com. 
```

You must provide us with the GitHub username that you used to sign up on {Galaxy}, and you must have logged in at least once for the system to validate. 
When users are added as administrators of the namespace, then additional administrators can be added by the self-serve process.

== Are there any restrictions for {Galaxy} namespace naming?

Collection namespaces must follow python module name convention. 
This means collections should have short, all lowercase names. 

> Underscores may be used in the collection name if it improves readability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use underscores in the collection name if it improves readability.
```

== Are there any recommendations for collection naming?

A general suggestion is to create a collection with `company_name.product` format. 
This way multiple products may have different collections under the company namespace.

== How do I get a namespace on {HubNameMain}?

> By default namespaces used on {Galaxy} are also utilized on {HubNameMain} by the Ansible partner team. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default namespaces used on {Galaxy} are also used on {HubNameMain} by the Ansible partner team. 
```

For any queries and clarifications please contact ansiblepartners@redhat.com.

== How do I run sanity tests on my collection?

Ansible sanity tests are made up of scripts and tools used to perform static code analysis. 
The primary purpose of these tests is to enforce Ansible coding standards and requirements. 

> Ansible collections must be in a specific path, such as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ansible collections must be in a specific path, such as the following example:
```
